Describe in a high level the solution you have in mind
> It will be a HTTP REST API that receives param within requests and performs an operation. The recommendation system will be base in the music listened by followed users and generes heard before.

What other data could you use to improve recommendations?
> Use a mathematic algorithm base on previous parameters plus new releases of artists and generes, and global trends (most heard or shared music in social networks and P2P networks).

Assume a more real world situation where you could have more data you described above, and more time to implement, could you think of a possibly more efficient way to recommend?
> A mechanism to deduct the emotional status of the user base on music generes, track lyrics and track rhythms (emotional inference). This could be used to either chill down the user or prolong the emotion as long as possible.

Assume you have more than one implementation of recommendations, how could you test which one is more effective using data generated by user actions?
> Using scaled A/B tests, where we separate the users in segments and a control. This way, we could see how the users behave in the segments versus the control. If the engagement and the user response is positive within the segment and stable in time, I would give a thumb's up to replacing the old recommendation system with the one in the segment.

---

How long did this assignment take?
> About two weeks or so, because I dedicated most of my free time at night and weekends.

Where would be the bottlenecks of this solution you have implemented?
> I would say is the lack of database engine. It took some time to create the models and their logic to save and validate all data.

What was the hardest part?
> Obviously the recommendation engine. I read various articules about how to implement existing recommendation algorithms (like cosine similarity, the Pearson correlation, collaborative filtering, item-to-item, among others).
> But it was a bit hard to adapt them with the existing limitations in data. So, I decided to follow the (KISS)[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KISS_principle] principle.

Did you learn something new?
> Absolutely. I didn't have no knowledge on how recommendation algorithms work and what was involve in it. It was really exciting to learn about them.
> Also, using cutting edge technology, like ES6 in Node Haromy, made the ride really fun.

Do you feel your skills were under tested?
> No. And actually, if you guys don't mind, I'll keep the repo to work on it from time to time. I want to keep learning more about recommendation algorithms and how to implement them in a limited computation system.
